Add step for creating Exoscale API key for CSI driver during installation (#347)
appuio/openshift4-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/exoscale/install.adoc

export APPCAT_SECRETKEY=$(echo "${appcat_credentials}" | jq -r '.secret')
----

. Create restricted API key for Exoscale CSI driver
+
[source,bash]
----

> # Create AppCat Provider Exoscale IAM role, if it doesn't exist yet in the organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create Exoscale CSi driver Exoscale IAM role, if it doesn't exist yet in the organization
```

Author: gdit >o<
